Here is the results in the terminal output for the practiceVariables.js program.


Hi Dr. T!
Let's get started!
half of 100 is 50
concatenate
0
4
51
NaN
false

Did any of the typeof outputs surprise you?
* Yes, the "console.log("5" - 1);" surprised me as I would think the operation wouldn't have been done 
considering it is holding and working with two different data types. 

What is happening in step 5.1 that is causing the line break?
* the "\n" seems to be causing the line break, as it also appears in both Java and Python and removing
it causes the whole thing to appear on one line.

What do you think is happening in 5.2? You might need to research this one. :)
*From my understanding and with the limited research I did, it seems to be called a template literal.
By removing the dollar sign it seems to allow for operations to be done within a string. Much like how 
an f string will be able to show the variable in the string by using curled brackets.

Tell me why the output is what is is for 5.2 - 5.8.

5.2 --> Does the math with the template literal. Output is 50 and is displayed.

5.3 --> Combines strings together to form a word in the output.

5.4 --> Assuming the null value is that of nothing. Multiplying that with 8 will get you nothing as a number,
or null, so by that logic it makes sense it shows 0 if there is no value to show besides null.

5.5 --> What I beleive is happening is that it's converting the string into an integer to then subtract that 
to display 4 as the results.

5.6 --> This is doing the same process of 5.3 where strings are combined together to make concatenate. 
Since the plus operator does the same thing in both I beleive it combines strings together rather than combined
two numbers together as typically seen. Hence why we see the difference between - and +.

5.7 --> NaN is displayed, which is short for "Not a Number", this makes sense being the output as trying
to multiply a string with a number does not make a number. 

5.8 --> This is showing a statement that false == true, which is false in itself. Thus the output is false!!! L O L!!!!!!!!!!!
